=== 0.2.0 / 2011-05-08 [emboss]
* Improved OpenSSL::ASN1.decode performance

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-05-07 [emboss]
* Further improved C Template parsing performance
* Simplified ossl_asn1_decode0

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-05-07 [emboss]
* Further improved C Template parsing performance

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-05-02 [emboss]
* Further improved C Template parsing performance

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-05-01 [emboss]
* Improved C Template parsing performance

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-04-30 [emboss]
* Implemented C Template parsing
except for infinite primitive values.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-04-28 [emboss]
* Implemented constructive and primitive 
  parser for C Template imlementation.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-04-28 [emboss]
* Started Template implementation in C

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-03-18 [emboss]
* Added support for static/ephemeral 
  scheme for PKey:DH

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-03-08 [emboss]
* Added KDF support for PKey::DH
* Refactored KDF implementation

  === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-28 [emboss]
* Added more KDFs
* moved KDF C implementations to
  ossl_pkey.c (may be shared with DH)

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-27 [emboss]
* Started Ruby implementation of several
  KDFs

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-27 [emboss]
* Fixed ECDH default KDF bug

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-27 [emboss]
* Started ECDH implementation

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-23 [emboss]
* Simplified Template definitions

:setter hash key has been removed

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-21 [emboss]
* Corrected public key PEM encoding of DSA
* Copy public key when dup'ing DH keys
* Prioritized fallbacks for RSA key decoding
  differently

  === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-20 [emboss]
* Corrected public key encoding of RSA
* PEM encryption for EC keys
* PKey instantiation from DER/PEM

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-20 [emboss]
* Adapted to changes for asn1_object_id

ObjectId comparison is now handled by comparing 'oid',
it's the only safe way to ensure equality.

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-20 [emboss]
* NullEncoder and NullParser
* Optimization for parsed Any values
* asn1_object_id: keep the ASN1 object to allow equality tests

  === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-19 [emboss]
* SignedData: support for verifying a SignerInfo

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-19 [emboss]
* Added convenience methods for SignedData and Certificate
* Added DistinguishedName convenience methods
* SignedData: support for signing a SignerInfo

   === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-18 [emboss]
* minor corrections

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-17 [emboss]
* Added classes for timestamp support.

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-17 [emboss]
* Replaced asn1_any by Any template class.
=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-16 [emboss]
* SignedData parses and encodes correctly now.

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-15 [emboss]
* Added Crl and SignedData classes
* Moved Template classes into OpenSSL::ASN1 namespace

  === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-14 [emboss]
* Minor performance improvements and refactoring

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-13 [emboss]
* Constructed min_size computed on class level.

Prior to this, the minimum size for constructed types was 
computed dynamically, now it is computed once when declaring
the template type

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-13 [emboss]
* Added test
* Performance improvements

Got rid of the temporary objects that were used to parse 
ConstructiveOfs and UTF8 strings.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-13 [emboss]
* Performance improvements

Splitting matching and unpacking the values on parsing brought 
further gains in performance.

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-12 [emboss]
* Performance improvements

Avoided having too many local variables that were drawn from the
'options' hash. Biggest improvement was defaulting 'options' to
nil instead of {}, what previously lead to lots of hash merges.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-12 [emboss]
* Defaults are no longer encoded.

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-12 [emboss]
* Support for SET_OF and SEQUENCE_OF Templates

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-12 [emboss]
* Support for CHOICE Templates

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-12 [emboss]
* Encodings of instance variables is now available
  for primitives

It is now possible to get the encoding of each subelement of
the entire Template, not only for Template types, but for
primitives, too.

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-11 [emboss]
* Implemented infinite length parsing for primitives

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-09 [emboss]
* Implemented infinite length encoding for primitives

 === 0.2.0 / 2011-02-09 [emboss]
* Started infinite length support for primitives
* Performance improvements

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-08 [emboss]
* Removed asn1_sequence/asn1_set

Although a nice-to-have they introduce complexity
and are not really needed. Each inner Sequence or 
Set should be represented by another template. If
an inner value should be accessible from the top
level, this can be handled by method aliasing.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-06 [emboss]
* Started infinite length support
* Fixed bug within ASN.1 decoding

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-02 [emboss]
* Split Template in three separate files

Base file is template.rb, which requires templates/encoder.rb
and templates/parser.rb.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-02 [emboss]
* Added further tests for Template
* Fixed bug for non-matching templates

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-02-01 [emboss]
* Added further tests for Template
* Fixed bug for check_size_cons on parsing 

Treat default as optional when calculating the minimum length

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-31 [emboss]
* Added further tests for Template

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-30 [emboss]
* Added tests
* Simplified ChoiceEncoder

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-30 [emboss]
* Bug fixes
* Removed tag_class option
* Added tests

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-30 [emboss]
* Support for asn1_choice with nested asn1_sequence and asn1_set

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-30 [emboss]
* Encoding to ASN.1 produces same output as decoding from DER.

Before this change, to_asn1 encoded explicitly tagged values to
ASN1 instances that had @tagging set to :EXPLICIT. This is inconsistent
to what is created by ASN1.decode, where explicitly tagged values
are wrapped as non-tagged values inside a ASN1Data that has the tag
set. This caused an inconsistency when trying to parse a value that
was encoded to ASN1, because the parsing routines expected the format
of ASN1.decode. Now the encoder encodes also in this format.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-30 [emboss]
* Template options that are passed on initialization are now only valid 
for that instance.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-29 [emboss]
* Added further tests for choices and fixed bugs.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-27 [emboss]
* Adapted template to include fix for GetBNPtr(VALUE obj).

Before the test for nil was "unless value || value != nil", now it is 
"if value == nil"

* Fixed bug for choice value matching.

Previously tag was set in the definition, now it's correctly set in 
options.

* Added tests for choice declarations.

* Added tests for primitives.

* Added UTF8Parser to enforce UTF-8 encoding.

Otherwise the test original == parsed would fail.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-27 [emboss]
* Fixed bug in GetBNPtr(VALUE obj).

Testing a BN for == nil or != nil raised a TypeError before.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-25 [emboss]
* Fixed encoding of subclasses of Set and Sequence with infinite length

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-25 [emboss]
* Raise error for infinite length primitive values

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-23 [emboss]
* Improved handling of tag lookup for classes.

The previous mechanism was walking through an array. Made constant time lookup
by storing the information in a hash instead.

=== 0.2.0 / 2011-01-22 [emboss]
* added OpenSSL::ASN1::Template

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-01-10 [emboss]
* Birth
