== ruby-openssl

A development repository for the Ruby standard library "ext/openssl".
You will find new and experimental features that are not yet available 
in the official distribution. Features could eventually be merged with
main Ruby development once they are stable. Stable features will also
be published as a {gem}[https://github.com/emboss/openssl-ext] to make
them readily available. The master branch is meant to stay in sync with
the official repo. The main development branch is dev, so if you'd like
to try out the new features directly, feel free to build "ext/openssl"
from this branch.

== Requirements

To use the library you should use the latest Ruby version (at least 1.9.2)
and make sure that you are running Ruby with an OpenSSL version >= 1.0.0. 
You should also ensure that your Ruby installation was built with 
'--enable-shared'.

== Installation

=== Note 

This is not meant as a conveniently-to-install package. It's rather a
constantly evolving repository where over time stable bits and pieces
will emerge that could eventually find their way into core Ruby's 
"ext/openssl" library. If you are looking for a stable, easy-to-install, 
ready-to-use version of the features developed here, you should have a 
look at the {gem}[https://github.com/emboss/openssl-ext] version.

=== But I really want to try it

Well, then this would be a quick 'n dirty solution to get the code up and
running on your machine.
Simply download the sources, unpack them in a directory and run 
'ruby extconf.rb'. Then run 'make' and replace the library openssl.so 
(or whatever extension libraries have on your system) in 
<RUBY_HOME>/lib/ruby/1.9.1/i686-linux (it's the directory for native libraries,
may deviate for your particular installation).
Next, you need to replace the openssl.rb in <RUBY_HOME>/lib/ruby/1.9.1 by
the one found under ext/openssl/lib in the sources. The final step is to 
replace the entire folder <RUBY_HOME>/lib/ruby/1.9.1/openssl by the folder
ext/openssl/lib/openssl.

== Usage

You can browse the RDoc documentation to find out about the new features.
The tests in test/openssl are also a good place to start finding out about 
the new functionality. The installation procedure described above will 
guarantee that the new features are available by simply adding 'require 
openssl' as usual. 

== LICENSE:

This program is licenced under the same licence as Ruby.

Copyright (c) 2011
* {Martin Bosslet}[https://github.com/emboss]

